PR: Decrease length of headers in installation guide (#149)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/installation.rst

==============
Using Anaconda
==============

.. important::

>    If in doubt, you should install Spyder via this method; it generally has the least likelihood of potential pitfalls for non-experts, and we may be able to provide limited assistance if you do run into trouble.

Author: ```suggestion
   If in doubt, you should install Spyder via this method; it generally has the least likelihood of potential pitfalls for non-experts, and we may provide assistance if you do run into trouble.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If in doubt, you should install Spyder via this method; it generally has the least likelihood of potential pitfalls for non-experts, and we may be able to provide assistance if you do run into trouble.
```

Good point, but it still needs the "be able to" to sound right.

Author: Ok, could we rephrase it a bit then? We're giving a ton of assistance right now, but (as a non-native speaker), this sounds to me "we could help you", whereas I'd like to send a message closer to "if you install Anaconda, we'll definitely help you".

Reviewer: Ah, I see. Its not just you, "we could help you" is the in fact the precise message it was originally intended to send; in my experience with user tech support I've found its almost always better to under- than over-promise, exceed people's expectations rather than risk disappointing them, and let our actions do the talking. But if we really want to promise that, what we could say is just

```suggestion
   If in doubt, you should install Spyder via this method; it generally has the least likelihood of potential pitfalls for non-experts, and we will be able to provide assistance if you do run into trouble.
```

Author: Great! I agree with this message now!

Thanks a lot @CAM-Gerlach for your patience with my requests.

Reviewer: Same to you for your patience with me :smile:

==============

> Using Anaconda

Author: Now I think it's necessary to add a note below this header to clarify that this is our recommended method.

Reviewer: Added, thanks.

Author: Thanks @CAM-Gerlach!
